## Future Approah 
The approach now is to take the two surfaces (aggregate and triangulation) and find the volume. In oredr to do this we must take the grid locations from the aggregate surface and project these onto the triangulation surface for their elevations. In doing so will get the elevations of the triangulation surface on a grid that is aligned with the aggregate surface.  This will mean that these two surfaces can be subtracted from each other and yield the volume.  The method for accomplishing the projection will first have to be implemented in databricks using Mosaic. Using Mosaic we can perform spatial joins and find the specific triangulation polygon that th egrid point ewxists in and the we can fit the (x,y) coordinate to the triangulation polygon and determine the elevation. Performing this method for all grid points in the aggregate surface will construct an aligned surface from the survey surface. 

The next step in figuring out the volume between the two surfaces is to reconcile the fact that the two surfaces do not share the same polygon exactly. Certainly, the aggregate surface is a subset of the survey surface, however, the aggregate surface has a padding area with the lowest elevation surrounding the area of work. Including this area in the volume calculation will most certainly add or subtract irrelaevant space from the survey surface. Therefore, we need some method of seggregating the padding surface and the actual surface to determine how to only include the actual volume between surfaces. 

The process for calculating the volume betwen surfaces will be to use numpy.traps(numpy.traps(x,z), y) the order of x and y could possibly be rearranged and this would have to be tested. Other alternatives to this function are possible. z in this case is the delta between the surfaces because the two surfaces have been aligned on the 2D plane and thus, share x and y coordinates. 

## Potential Issues
A separate issue brought to attention by James OConnell is the potential for different antenna heights on dozers or recorded measurements by GPS. To solve this we would need to observe the dozers passing over the same easting and northing location repeatedly and observing the delta elevation and then applying this delta across the fleet or to a single dozer. However, for now the assumption is that all the antenna are the same height. 

Another issue is that the survey data is recorded infrequently and the issue with recording this surface through time is that there will be GPS drift. The elevations recorded during night shift may be different from the day shift. A possible solution is to use the recorded positions and elevations of the trucks driving on haul roads and figuring out the delta elevation and appling this to all elevations in the survey surface. 

## Current Problem
Going to slowly build up the code to generate the volume. Will start very simply by finding the volume between 2 surfaces that are aligned along the same grid. Then will consider the complexities actually involved in the problem. Such as non-overlapping parts, choosing the grid outline under different circumstances, etc.